[Music]
Hey
are you ready for a new set of tricky
riddles be careful by answering yes you
agree to have your intelligence tested
still on for it then get a pen and a
piece of paper to write down your
correct answers if you get at least nine
right
you're a true riddle champion what
crossing the river a man calls his dog
from the opposite side of the river the
pooch manages to cross it without
getting wet but the animal hasn't used a
boat or bridge
how come it's winter and the river is
frozen to a singers misfortune once a
famous singer was invited to perform at
a concert Breanna had recorded her first
album only a half a year before but she
already had millions of fans all over
the world when it was her turn to sing
the audience was extremely excited but
Breanna never appeared on the stage she
was found lying on the floor in her
dressing-room unconscious when the
police arrived they questioned three
other singers who had to perform that
day Camila said I'm new to show business
so I came up to Breanna to ask for some
advice but I didn't hit her Scarlett
exclaimed my younger brother is
Brianna's fan he's been listening to her
for years I've even taken her autograph
for him and Sofia told the police I
didn't even see Breanna I was too
nervous before going on stage to leave
my dressing-room
so who hit Breanna
[Music]
it was Scarlett she said her brother had
been Brianna's fan for years but the
singer recorded her first song only six
months ago three a mad genius Jack was
an assistant in a laboratory run by a
famous professor the whole world
believed the scientist was a genius but
one day Jack found out the professor had
created a virus that could infect all
people on earth
the assistant waited until the professor
left the laboratory and rushed to the
scientists computer to find some
information about the antidote
unfortunately the device was protected
by a secret code can you help Jack crack
this puzzle the password is 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 the numbers were given together with
their mirror images to figure out the
password Jack had to block off half of
each symbol for an office thief you
returned from a lunch break and discover
that someone has stolen thirty dollars
from your bag there are four suspects
milah henry jackson and victoria when
you asked them about the money
milah replies she hasn't taken it Henry
says he's pretty sure Jackson's got the
money Jackson shouts no way Henry slime
and Victoria claims mile is telling the
truth only one of these people isn't
lying who's stolen your money
it's milah
she Henry and Victoria are lying while
Jackson's telling the truth if anyone
else had taken your $30 there would be
more than one person telling the truth
five beautiful stars once a detective
and his assistant were travelling
through the forest when it got dark they
decided to call it a night
they had dinner set up a tent and fell
asleep when they both woke up in the
middle of the night
the assistant looked at the sky and said
how beautiful the stars are tonight and
what does it tell you asked his
companion judging by the position of the
stars it's around midnight
the detective replied well and I've
noticed something different what did he
spot someone had stolen their tent six a
safari guide you've come to Africa to
fulfill your dream and go in a safari
first things first you need to choose an
experienced God Mark says I've been
working as a safari guide for years I
always take some raw meat with me to
lure rhinos closer to the car Adam wants
you to pick him I know where a hippo
family lives they just had babies and
you'll be able to pet the little ones
Anthony offers I have my own Jeep pack
with cool gizmos it can also drive over
the most uneven surfaces
who should you choose
rhinos are herbivores they would never
eat meat
hippos are the least friendly animals in
Africa they're extremely territorial and
aggressive opted for Anthony he has a
powerful car 7 a missing suitcase a
wealthy businessman was travelling by a
high-speed train he had a weird habit
while going somewhere he kept his money
in cash in his suitcase the train was
moving through a mountainous area with
numerous tunnels after the train left
one of the tunnels the businessman
noticed his suitcase missing there were
only four other passengers in the train
car Matthew said he hadn't been paying
attention to anything happening around
he had broken up with his girlfriend and
was extremely upset Joseph explained he
had bought his favorite authors long
awaited novel at the station and had
been engrossed in reading Zoe said that
she had inhaled too much smoke coming
from the Train on the platform and she
had been having a terrible coughing fit
and Ellie claimed she had been napping
with her sleeping mask on so can you
figure out who took the businessman
suitcase
it was Zoey
modern high-speed trains are electric
and don't emit smoke number eight
daughters when a man was asked to
describe his daughters he said they're
all blond but to all brunette but to all
redheaded but to how many daughters does
he have just three a blonde a brunette
and a redhead the value of things when
it's new it costs little but when it's
old and used it can be worth hundreds
thousands or even millions what is it
[Music]
it's a canvas it costs nothing until it
becomes a painting 10 fake contestants
there's an International Women's beauty
contest in the city of Blackwood right
before the beginning the organizers find
out that some of the participants are
men let's sneak a peek at the dressing
rooms in each of them there's one man
[Music]
the one with a razor is definitely a man
sorry man
a lady wouldn't have an Adam's apple
[Music]
she's in a wig and she arrived at the
competition wearing male clothes and
shoes girl number seven has two big feet
for such a petite lady plus her arms are
super hairy 11 a copied key an
electronic store owner came to work one
day and saw his safe open all the money
had been stolen when a detective arrived
the store owner explained that his safe
key was on the same keychain as the keys
from his truck two of his employees
Andrew and Ryan used this truck and had
access to all the keys but the men
always returned them the detective
questioned the drivers some would broke
into the store safe yesterday what do
you know about this incident Andrew said
I didn't copy the key I wouldn't even
know which one to copy Ryan at it when I
have to drive somewhere the boss gives
me a bunch of keys and I know one of
them is to the safe but I've never been
to the boss's office
the detective understood who the thief
was almost immediately can you figure it
out
Andrew stole the money the detective
didn't mention a copy key had been used
to break into the safe
then how did Andrew know it 12 brothers
and sisters a girl has as many brothers
his sisters but each of her brothers has
only half as many brothers and sisters
how many siblings are there in the
family there are four sisters and three
brothers 13 an elusive concept what is
it that no man has ever seen which never
was but always will be tomorrow 14 a
mysterious object it's rarely touched
but often helped and if you're smart
you'll use it well what is it it's your
tongue
fifteen too big for a pan what can't you
put into a saucepan its lid sixteen on a
cold night you're lost in the forest on
a freezing cold winter night
you realize you have nothing to warm you
up there are three options stay where
you are and call for help to keep
walking until you get out of the forest
and to go on but take small breaks sit
on the snow and cover yourself with some
branches what should you choose if you
stay in one place you'll freeze in no
time
sitting on the snow during short breaks
isn't a great idea as well
branches won't warm you and you may
accidentally fall asleep and never wake
up again
the only way to survive is to keep
walking 17 only one hand what can you
hold in your right hand but never in
your left your left elbow yeah really
so how'd you do cool leave me a message
in the comments hey if you learned
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend then
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy